 

ito7mtienrt‘nInouneinsmiroru'atnnodnetin-y pmgrnrnunnueq--uonrtzs
nilelnoﬁdfoundnﬁuninptoynmningmelhoddogyaﬂlbmncdntllndﬁl
in develop programming rnenniry Ind exputd bludth and depth of experience. 11
I work (mm the c nmgrnrnrning llngtuye dawn in tire rnicmproeunor In an-mg
dine. With I comylete understanding of how con-tptner system: execute prog
nipnlate data. you will become a more eﬁmiv: pray-umber. especially in deal
In of debugging. performuioe, pat1Ability,Ind rntrnmeu. Topic: coveted incltu
yunming inngnnge. dnu represeninrinn. ttuchirwlevcl axle‘ «nnpiner nriurnmie.
udc compilation, perfomtnnce optimization‘ Ind ntemtxy orpnirsion and nunnger

dun has two lectures a week and a weekly tub for bndvon leaning Ind expea-in

re will be signiﬁcant programming nssiyuneml end you an expect to work tin
tenged. vain effort will pay off— by mastering the tnachitte Ind ruining your pm;
s to me next level. you will have powerful mcjo to bring In any future project!

student

prerequisite is programming end pruh|em solving ll me istosulx level. You an
tnplished pmgrnnnner who has pnnical ac» skill: in tiling tuwsion, dyni
lures (pointers. linked lists, trees, graphs), data absnction. ctnsaic dnta smmﬂ
LI. queues. sets. maps). and standard ntgorirhmr (searching. sorting. hunting). in
en nppreciation of the intrinsic value of good engineering end design Ind ye
and to produce welhdecomposed, readnhl: code.

word on the street

a former I07 student:

on know how Chinese restaunntn Inve an auztiik next to some items on the E

erislt warns the customer that the item is really hot Ind optcy. I think these ml

at. because sometimes the names cm be nmbiguoun and it‘: a drug to get a te

me when you didn't expect it. I think the Came Bulletin should have this feature
classes (ME 101. C5107. etc.) would have an asterisk. and ll the bottom at

uld be I warning the class is pretty spicy. at you know what you're getting into!‘

I:
ininonlyonnﬂtingtot:.kuwgyf:omIltiIIailo¢,it’|ielJ‘llL!oroIttooutseIt

